README.md, before:

David's Twitter Aggregator plugin (wp-tweet-aggregator)
===================

Wordpress Plugin, allows you to specify twitter accounts from which to aggregate and output tweets. It does some request saving caching too (default set to a 5 minute cache). I wanted to call it Alligator, but there's already a commercial plugin with that name. 

## Caveat

This is a first complete, working version. Extracted from a new client website and used as a learning experience for building plugins correctly. Provided under GPL2 which is 'as is' and 'without warranty.'

## What this is not

* A live streaming twitter client, although the bare bones and front end parts of that are already in place, and it could easily be converted to do so. 
* An RSS aggregator - twitter have deprecated RSS and it is no longer available
* A non-authenticating plugin - Twitter API 1.1 requires login and so you are required to provide API keys for this code to work (more below)
* *Just* a drop in generic twitter profile widget - [use this twitter page to generate that](https://twitter.com/settings/widgets "Twitter widget generator")
* An social e-commerce platform for monetizing leveraged synergies.

## Installation

Download [the ZIP tarball](https://github.com/davidlowry/wp-tweet-aggregator/archive/master.zip "latest ZIP file") and upload to your Wordpress installation as a new plugin.

You don't need to update any configuration files by hand.

## Twitter Application Setup

At the moment, you are required to set up or use an existing [Twitter App's authentication token + secret](https://dev.twitter.com/apps "Create a new twitter app for authentication"). The plugin's form will guide you as to the callback URL required for the app.

## Setup

Once uploaded and activated (through the Wordpress admin > plugins page), click on the new Admin Menu button and follow the instructions. The 20 character _Consumer Key_ and the 38 character _Access token_ are to be inserted, and then you can specify one or many twitter screen names to use.

## Usage

A widget 'Twitter Aggregator (Basic)' has been added to your Widgets configuration screen, drag it onto the sidebar of your choice. It should now appear on any page or post which has that sidebar. Note you'll need to clear any active cache for the widget to show on screen.

## Scripting

Assumes jQuery is installed. I'll endeavour to rewrite that to pure JS.

## Styling

Currently the plugin includes some basic styling to output white blocks with aligned . Assumes you already are using some form of *reset.css*.

Included in the plugin is a stylesheet DL_TA.sidebar.css - you can overwrite it or override the contents in your own stylesheet. 

## Notes

The plugin includes the [**twitteroauth**](https://github.com/abraham/twitteroauth [Abraham's Twitter OAuth Library]) and my own **dlfs** wrapper, which abstracts a few awkward WP_Filesystem operations. Both should be sufficiently isolated that they don't interfere with any other plugin, but I intend to further wrap them just incase. 

## Future plans

* Allow cache time to be adjusted
* Rewrite simple jQuery functions to JS (remove jQuery requirement)
* Alter CSS to provide basic structure and/or input form for custom styling
* See if there's any way to avoid having to start with token + keys.

Commit message:

Updated readme to reflect shortcode addition

README.md, after:

David's Twitter Aggregator plugin (wp-tweet-aggregator)
===================

Wordpress Plugin, allows you to specify twitter accounts from which to aggregate and output tweets. It does some request saving caching too (default set to a 5 minute cache). I wanted to call it Alligator, but there's already a commercial plugin with that name. 

## Caveat

This is a first complete, working version. Extracted from a new client website and used as a learning experience for building plugins correctly. Provided under GPL2 which is 'as is' and 'without warranty.'

## What this is not

* A live streaming twitter client, although the bare bones and front end parts of that are already in place, and it could easily be converted to do so. 
* An RSS aggregator - twitter have deprecated RSS and it is no longer available
* A non-authenticating plugin - Twitter API 1.1 requires login and so you are required to provide API keys for this code to work (more below)
* *Just* a drop in generic twitter profile widget - [use this twitter page to generate that](https://twitter.com/settings/widgets "Twitter widget generator")
* An social e-commerce platform for monetizing leveraged synergies.

## Installation

Download [the ZIP tarball](https://github.com/davidlowry/wp-tweet-aggregator/archive/master.zip "latest ZIP file") and upload to your Wordpress installation as a new plugin.

You don't need to update any configuration files by hand.

## Twitter Application Setup

At the moment, you are required to set up or use an existing [Twitter App's authentication token + secret](https://dev.twitter.com/apps "Create a new twitter app for authentication"). The plugin's form will guide you as to the callback URL required for the app.

## Setup

Once uploaded and activated (through the Wordpress admin > plugins page), click on the new Admin Menu button and follow the instructions. The 20 character _Consumer Key_ and the 38 character _Access token_ are to be inserted, and then you can specify one or many twitter screen names to use.

## Usage

# Widget

A widget 'Twitter Aggregator (Basic)' has been added to your Widgets configuration screen, drag it onto the sidebar of your choice. It should now appear on any page or post which has that sidebar. Note you'll need to clear any active cache for the widget to show on screen.

# Shortcode

You can embed the shortcode [twitter_stream *classname*] into any of your pages (see the file DL_TA.stream.css for styles to overwrite) the *classname* parameter is any class name of your choice to assist with styling. Note similar classnames between widget and shortcode stream so be careful :) You can [easily embed shortcodes in your theme](http://www.wpbeginner.com/wp-themes/how-to-use-shortcodes-in-your-wordpress-themes/) if you need to.

## Scripting

Assumes jQuery is installed. I'll endeavour to rewrite that to pure JS.

## Styling

Currently the plugin includes some basic styling to output white blocks with aligned . Assumes you already are using some form of *reset.css*.

Included in the plugin is a stylesheet DL_TA.sidebar.css - you can overwrite it or override the contents in your own stylesheet. 

## Notes

The plugin includes the [**twitteroauth**](https://github.com/abraham/twitteroauth [Abraham's Twitter OAuth Library]) and my own **dlfs** wrapper, which abstracts a few awkward WP_Filesystem operations. Both should be sufficiently isolated that they don't interfere with any other plugin, but I intend to further wrap them just incase. 

## Future plans

* Allow cache time to be adjusted
* Rewrite simple jQuery functions to JS (remove jQuery requirement)
* Alter CSS to provide basic structure and/or input form for custom styling
* See if there's any way to avoid having to start with token + keys.
